Object-oriented programming is a big seller these days.  Some managers would
rather have objects than sliced bread.
		-- perltoot(1)
%
Now is better than never.  Although never is often better than *right* now.
		-- The Zen of Python, by Tim Peters
%
No, there is nothing glamorous about debugging. It is the ugly duckling of our
profession, the admission that we are far from perfect, the one activity that is
the least predictable or accountable -- and a constant impetus to feelings of
remorse and guilt: "if only we had done better right from the start, we wouldn't
be stuck in this mess." The defect is the crime; debugging is the punishment.
		-- Andreas Zeller (in Beautiful Code)
%
I'm not sure how the company lost sight of what matters to our customers, both
business and home, the most, but in my view we lost our way. I think our teams
lost sight of what bug-free means, what resilience means, what full scenarios
mean, what security means, what performance means, how important current
applications are, and really understanding what the most important problems our
customers face are. I see lots of random features and some great vision, but
that does not translate into great products... I would buy a Mac today if I was
not working at Microsoft.
		-- Excerpt from a 2004 email from Jim Allchin to Steve Balmer & Bill Gates
%
FTP is a dinosaur left over from the time before the Internet as it is known
today, when research universities were leased lined together and FTP was used to
share files among research Scientists.
		-- FreeBSD Handbook.
%
There are in order of increasing severity: lies, damn lies, statistics, and
computer benchmarks.
		-- diskinfo(8)
%
These days, CVSup is fairly easy to build on most Unix-like platforms. The
minor difficulties that still exist stem from the fact that CVSup is written in
the programming language NotC. What is NotC? Well, to most people, it really
doesn't matter. The important thing is that NotC is *not* C.
		-- John D. Polstra (CVSup author)
%
If anybody asks for advice whether to use goto or not, you should tell
them not to use it. People who ask for advice shouldn't use goto.

At some point they will not ask for advice anymore, and at some point
they will either start thinking for themselves or they will not. If they
think for themselves, they will use goto when it is appropriate and
avoid it when it is inappropriate, and if they are smart they will know
when it is appropriate. If they don't think for themselves, they will
still insist that goto is always evil.

Usual indication of "not thinking" is when you present an example that
is more readable because it uses goto, and they insist that it is worse
because it uses goto. So the conclusion that they draw is that using
"goto" is bad because you use "goto".
		-- Christian Bau on comp.lang.c
%
Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of
bad news, which obeys its own special laws.
		-- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
%
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a
fundamental error.  Be thankful you are not my student.  You would not get a
high grade for such a design :-)
		-- Andy Tanenbaum to Linus Torvald
%
BSD guys are a lot like Linux guys, except they have kissed girls.
		-- Theo de Raadt
%
I claim that anybody that hasn't noticed by now that I'm an opinionated
bastard, and that "impolite" is my middle name, is lacking a few clues.
Finally, it's clear that I'm not only the smartest person around, I'm also
incredibly good-looking, and that my infallible charm is also second only to my
becoming modesty.
So there. Just to clarify.
		-- Linus "bow down before me, you scum" Torvalds
%
I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you
suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself,
"Dijkstra would not have liked this", well that would be enough immortality for
me.
		-- Edsger W Dijkstra
%
There are only two things wrong with C++: The initial concept and the
implementation.
		-- Bertrand Meyer
%
"OpenBSD did it" is no more reason to dirty up our libc with this kind of
ill-considered interface than "SCO Xenix did it". NetBSD libc should not be the
union of every mistake anyone ever made in libc in any version of Unix.
		-- Thor Lancelot Simo
%
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
		-- HenrySpencer (Usenet signature, November 1987)
%
Using prototyping to learn which features you don't have to implement helps
optimization for performance; you don't have to optimize what you don't write.
The most powerful optimization tool in existence may be the delete key. One of
my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code.
		-- Ken Thompson
%
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One is to make it so
simple that there are obviously no deficiencies; the other is to make it so
complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far
more difficult.
		-- C.A. R. Hoare (The Emperor's Old Clothes, CACM February 1981)
%
The combination of threads, remote-procedure-call interfaces, and heavyweight
object-oriented design is especially dangerous. Used sparingly and tastefully,
any of these techniques can be valuable - but if you are ever invited onto a
project that is supposed to feature all three, fleeing in terror might well be
an appropriate reaction.
		-- Eric S. Raymond (The Art of Unix Programming)
%
In summary, Web browsers are like quantum physics: they offer
probabilistic guarantees at best, and anyone who claims to
fully understand them is a liar.
		-- James Mickens (To Wash It All Away)
%
You can't parse [X]HTML with regex. Because HTML can't be parsed by regex.
Regex is not a tool that can be used to correctly parse HTML. As I have
answered in HTML-and-regex questions here so many times before, the use of
regex will not allow you to consume HTML. Regular expressions are a tool that
is insufficiently sophisticated to understand the constructs employed by HTML.
HTML is not a regular language and hence cannot be parsed by regular
expressions. Regex queries are not equipped to break down HTML into its
meaningful parts. so many times but it is not getting to me. Even enhanced
irregular regular expressions as used by Perl are not up to the task of parsing
HTML. You will never make me crack. HTML is a language of sufficient complexity
that it cannot be parsed by regular expressions. Even Jon Skeet cannot parse
HTML using regular expressions. Every time you attempt to parse HTML with
regular expressions, the unholy child weeps the blood of virgins, and Russian
hackers pwn your webapp. Parsing HTML with regex summons tainted souls into the
realm of the living. HTML and regex go together like love, marriage, and ritual
infanticide. The <center> cannot hold it is too late. The force of regex and
HTML together in the same conceptual space will destroy your mind like so much
watery putty. If you parse HTML with regex you are giving in to Them and their
blasphemous ways which doom us all to inhuman toil for the One whose Name
cannot be expressed in the Basic Multilingual Plane, he comes. HTML-plus-regexp
will liquify the n​erves of the sentient whilst you observe, your psyche
withering in the onslaught of horror. Rege̿̔̉x-based HTML parsers are the cancer
that is killing StackOverflow it is too late it is too late we cannot be saved
the trangession of a chi͡ld ensures regex will consume all living tissue (except
for HTML which it cannot, as previously prophesied) dear lord help us how can
anyone survive this scourge using regex to parse HTML has doomed humanity
to an eternity of dread torture and security holes using regex as a tool to
process HTML establishes a breach between this world and the dread realm of
c͒ͪo͛ͫrrupt entities (like SGML entities, but more corrupt) a mere glimpse of
the world of reg​ex parsers for HTML will ins​tantly transport a
programmer's consciousness into a world of ceaseless screaming, he comes,
the pestilent slithy regex-infection wil​l devour your HT​ML
parser, application and existence for all time like Visual Basic only worse
he comes he comes do not fi​ght he com̡e̶s, ̕h̵i​s un̨ho͞ly radiańcé
destro҉ying all enli̍̈́̂̈́ghtenment, HTML tags lea͠ki̧n͘g fr̶ǫm ̡yo​͟ur eye͢s̸ ̛l̕ik͏e
liq​uid pain, the song of re̸gular exp​ression parsing will
exti​nguish the voices of mor​tal man from the sp​here I can
see it can you see ̲͚̖͔̙î̩́t̲͎̩̱͔́̋̀ it is beautiful t​he final snuffing of the
lie​s of Man ALL IS LOŚ͖̩͇̗̪̏̈́T ALL I​S LOST the pon̷y he comes he c̶̮omes
he comes the ich​or permeates all MY FACE MY FACE ᵒh god no NO
NOO̼O​O NΘ stop the an​*̶͑̾̾​̅ͫ͏̙̤g͇̫͛͆̾ͫ̑͆l͖͉̗̩̳̟̍ͫͥͨe̠̅s ͎a̧͈͖r̽̾̈́͒͑e n​ot rè̑ͧ̌aͨl̘̝̙̃ͤ͂̾̆ ZA̡͊͠͝LGΌ ISͮ̂҉̯͈͕̹̘̱
TO͇̹̺ͅƝ̴ȳ̳ TH̘Ë͖́̉ ͠P̯͍̭O̚​N̐Y̡ H̸̡̪̯ͨ͊̽̅̾̎Ȩ̬̩̾͛ͪ̈́̀́͘ ̶̧̨̱̹̭̯ͧ̾ͬC̷̙̲̝͖ͭ̏ͥͮ͟Oͮ͏̮̪̝͍M̲̖͊̒ͪͩͬ̚̚͜Ȇ̴̟̟͙̞ͩ͌͝S̨̥̫͎̭ͯ̿̔̀ͅ
		-- bobince on stackoverflow.com
%
TurtlesDown.prototype.render = function() {
    // there is no elegance here. only sleep deprivation and regret.
		-- Max
%
To a lot of people, C is a dead language, and ${lang} is the language of the
future, for ever-changing transient values of ${lang}.
		-- Poul-Henning Kamp (https://queue.acm.org/detail.cfm?id=2010365)
%
The amount of energy necessary to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude
bigger than to produce it.
		-- Alberto Brandolini
%
A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn't even
know existed can render your own computer unusable.
		-- Leslie Lamport (Thu, 28 May 87 12:23:29 PDT)
%
There's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share.
No chance.
		-- Steve Ballmer in 2007
%
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and
naming things.
		-- Phil Karlton
%
Most people, I think, don't even know what a rootkit is, so why should they
care about it?
		-- Thomas Hesse in 2005
